prevent empty grafana configmap (#183)
giantswarm/observability-operator: CHANGELOG.md

- Add Mimir Alertmanager datasource

### Changed

> - No more OwnerReference on grafana user-values to prevent deletion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed organization OwnerReference on grafana-user-values configmap, this fixes an issue where the configmap is removed when the last organization is deleted which prevent Grafana from starting.
```

Author: Applied.

> - Removed organization OwnerReference on grafana-user-values configmap, this fixes an issue where the configmap is removed when the last organization is deleted which prevent Grafana from starting.

Reviewer 2: But why would the giantswarm organization ever be removed?

Author: I don't know why, but as explained in the PR description, I've seen it happening :grimacing: 
I suspect it may happen during grafana app upgrades. :shrug:
